(The tallest girl and shortest girl of LOOΠΔ!)
Yves: Hello~
YeoJin: I think it's a nice angle
(Tilting the camera is very necessary to film these two!)
Yves: There are a lot of parts that we dance together, right?
YeoJin: Right, it's in Hi HIgh!
(Tilting the camera is very necessary to film these two!)
Yves: You will know what I mean when you come here and watch the performance for '열기 (9)'
Yves: During the performance, I have to go behind YeoJin and hide~
Yves: But...
YeoJin: She can't hide!
Yves: I stand like a main character...
(Talking a behind story of 'Hi High' choreography)
Yves: There is a part like this, 'Love is supposed to be cruel'
Yves: And I dance like this, 'love is supposed to be cruel~'
'So cruel...'
YeoJin: I think it might be a killing part of the song~
Yves: We will try our best
Yves: to remind you of this part when you listen 'Hi High'
Yves: so  you have to get smaller
Yves: And I have to get bigger!
YeoJin: Right, until I become 1 meter and you become 5 meter
Yves: Yeah
Yves: Then we will be like this in the camera!
(Yves & YeoJin trying their best to make LOOΠΔ TV more fun!)
Yves: So let's try our best for it!
Yves: And why don't we make up the name for us?
YeoJin: Well...
YeoJin: Yi Yeo
Yves: YiYeo?
Yves: Yeah
Yves: (Teamwork) YiYeeeeeeooooo~
Yves: YiYeo!